Minor fixes to Governance page (#461)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-governance.md

becomes a simple-majority.

All three tallying mechanisms - majority carries, super-majority approve, and super-majority
against - equate to a simple majority-carries system at 100% turnout.

## Council

To represent passive stakeholders, we introduce the idea of a "council". The council is an on-chain
entity comprising a number of actors, each represented as an on-chain account. For Polkadot this
number is likely to begin at around six people, and increase over the course of 9 months to 24
people (roughly one extra individual coming on every two weeks). In general, it has a fixed number

> of seats (envisioned to be 24 for Polkadot) and all members have a fixed term (12 months).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of seats (24 on Polkadot and 13 on Kusama).
```
